What single-stranded DNA sequence does protein X bind to?
Would double strand breaks caused by G-duplexes be fixed by homologous recombination or non-homologous end joining?
Is there an additional drug that could interfere with the ISR pathway to prevent drug X from dysregulating the ISR pathway?
What other genes are dysregulated as a consequence of the ISR pathway being dysregulated downstream?
Can T cells move to the source of insulin in the body?
What do T cells do in the pancreas?
Why do the insulin receptors increase on T cells upon viral infection of high-risk patients?
Can we prevent diabetes progression if we inhibit insulin receptors in T cells?
Are T cells antigen-specific?
Are T cells pancreatic-specific?
Is there a mutation involved in overexpressing T cells?
How long can T cells be antigen-specific?
How are insulin receptor overexpressing T cells different transcriptionally?
Are increased insulin receptors on T cells causing some pathway changes?
What repair pathways are associated with pathway X?
Can overexpression of gene X cause cancer?
Is overexpression of gene X going to be related to any specific type of cancer?
Is overexpression of gene X going to be in correlation with other genes?
What DNA repair pathway factors is protein X overlapping with?
What kind of functional groups are on molecule X?
What happens to chemical X when it gets inside the body?
Given a complex chemical that's been manufactured by a chemical company for clothing, when it gets into the blood stream, how does it break apart? Does the complex chemical break into organ systems?
Does cell line X express protein X?
Is cell line X a relevant cell line where issue X arises?
How easy is it to work with cell line X?
What is a cell line that is both relevant and easy to work with, in terms of how well does the cell line grow vs. how well is the cell line perturbed?
Of this list of statistically significant genes, are there any genes that are interrelated that would increase chances of a true positive?
Is this pathway that these genes are part of novel?
Has this pathway that these genes are part of been described before?
Are there clinically tractable models that the novelty of pathway X could contribute to?
Have gene X, Y, and Z been implicated in similar diseases or phenotypes?
How do excipients metabolize?
Are excipients metabolized?
How do excipients degrade?
Are new excipients going to withstand effective delivery?
What cellular compartment is pathway X in?
Does glyoxalase 1 have a role in the protection of heart attack?
Has somebody tested the level of glyoxalase 1 in diabetes patients?
Has anyone performed a study in pre-diabetics measuring glyoxal levels?
What proteins affect the length of the D-loop?
Is there a good antibody for RDH54?
If I delete a gene that is involved in disrupting the D-loop, is that more effective in repair?
Does sulforaphane induce glyoxalase1?
How does a patient with diabetes do with heart attacks?
Are all the metabolites in pathway X upregulated or downregulated?
Is the metabolite higher because the enzyme that produces it consumes it?
Can we find molecules that will induce glyoxalase1?
What factors ensure DNA only copies from the correct sequence?
What factors regulate stability of binding?
Could a protein regulate the length of a D-loop?
What proteins affect the stability of the D-loop?
What proteins affect the dynamics of the D-loop?
What proteins affect the structure of the D-loop?
What proteins are involved in disrupting D-loops?
Are there any technologies or assays that could help monitor D-loops?
Where could rdh54 fit in with the other proteins that influence/affect D-loops?
Is there a good antibody for rdh54?
Is there a way to quantify methylglyoxal using mass spectrometry?
Has methylglyoxal been shown to induce anything at all?
Would treatment of DNA with bisulfite be good enough to develop an assay and study D-loops?
What kind of target does methylglyoxal induce?
Is methylglyoxal capable of inducing any kind of transcription response?
Whenever signaling is activated, is methylglyoxal being induced by downstream activation?
What is the interaction between cancer cells and T-cells?
Will a mutant of rdh54 not do what a wild type does?
Any drugs we can use that would inhibit protein X?
Can we recreate the environment by using collagen?
Can we use a drug to inhibit upregulation in pathway X?
Does ICI efficacy improve as a result of pathway upregulation?
Which lab can we collaborate with?
Do I need to work with a computer scientist?
Who has done something similar? Are they willing to collaborate?
Can I really make the assumptions I am making to form a hypothesis because the literature often does not afford an apples to apples comparison (e.g., different pathways used for the same protein)?
What are the factors leading to blockers of immune checkpoints?
Where has the field stopped?
What are the mechanical properties playing a role in those inhibitors?
How do the mechanics influence this ICI therapy?
How can I mimic the in vivo system?
How can I reduce the timeline?
Can I make the design of the setup faster?
How can we improve T-cell infiltration?
How is it, when a DNA is broken, it goes to the correct sequence and repairs DNA?
